Introduce multistore technical documentation for configuration forms and settings (#843)
PrestaShop/docs: src/content/1.7/development/Multistore/_index.md

> ---

Reviewer: Wath out, the directory starts with a capital M

title: PrestaShop multistore
menuTitle: Multistore
chapter: true
aliases:
  - /1.7/development/prestashop_multistore
  - /1.7/development/prestashop-multistore
---

# Prestashop multistore feature

> PrestaShop allows managing multiple stores in a single Prestashop instance, this feature is called multistore.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
PrestaShop allows managing multiple stores in a single PrestaShop instance, this feature is called multistore.
```

> PrestaShop allows managing multiple stores in a single PrestaShop instance, this feature is called multistore.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
PrestaShop allows you to manage multiple stores in a single PrestaShop instance, this feature is called multistore.
```
